program requirements

login screen that checks for admin or not

screen for admin:
    asks if the user wants to search for a customer
        deposit money from an account
        withdraw money from an account
        check account balance
        view customer details
        update customer info
        close their account
        transfer from one account to another
    update their own information
    print all customer details
    request management report
        o Total number of customers in the system
        o The sum of all money the customers currently have in their bank account.
        o Using individual account balance, the report should calculate the sum of
        interest rate payable to all accounts for one year, note, if customers have
        different account types, their rates will vary.
        o Total amount of overdrafts currently taken by all customers.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
program structure

Login screen
    - login
    - password

user dashboard (accessed from login)
    - customer search (account number) button
    - update admin information button
    - show customer details
    - request management report
        o Total number of customers in the system
        o The sum of all money the customers currently have in their bank account.
        o Using individual account balance, the report should calculate the sum of
        interest rate payable to all accounts for one year, note, if customers have
        different account types, their rates will vary.
        o Total amount of overdrafts currently taken by all customers.

customer search screen (accessed from dashboard)
    - deposit money into account
    - withdraw from account
    - check account balance
    - view customer details
    - update customer info
    - close customer account
    - transfer from one account to another


Three main screen, the rest will be dealt with using pop up boxes


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The application must implement all the following:
Create the necessary classes and functions which allow admins to perform the following
tasks:
 Admin Login
 Search for a particular customer to perform various banking operations on a
customer bank account i.e. check balance, deposit or withdraw money etc.
 Deposit money into a customer account.
 Withdraw money from a customer account.
 Check current balance for a customer.
 View customer details e.g. name and address
 Update customer information e.g. name and address
To achieve a mark of 51% to maximum of 60%
The application must implement all the above and the following:
Create the necessary classes and functions which allow admins to perform the following
tasks:
 Close a customer account i.e. remove customer from the system.
 Update admin own information i.e. name and address.
 Print all customers details.
To achieve a mark of 61% to maximum of 70%
The application must implement all the above and the following:
 Customers can have different types of bank account. Accounts will differ in their
name, interest rate and overdraft limit etc.
 The bank system should be able to store and load all customers’ data from and
into a file.
To achieve a mark of 71% to maximum 80%
The application must implement all the above and the following:
 Transferring funds/money from one account to another. For example, an Admin
can transfer funds from one customer account to another customer account.
 Admins can request a management report. This should show the following
information:
o Total number of customers in the system
The sum of all money the customers currently have in their bank account.
o Using individual account balance, the report should calculate the sum of
interest rate payable to all accounts for one year, note, if customers have
different account types, their rates will vary.
o Total amount of overdrafts currently taken by all customers.
To achieve a mark of 80% and over
 Development of a suitable Graphical User Interface (GUI) to perform all the above
banking functions.